So how do we create a basic knitr
document?
So I'm going to talk about this in the
context of R
studio, because I think it's the easiest
way to do it.
There are other ways to do this, so this
is not really exclusive to R studio
but it's going to, I'll just, the example
that I'll show you will be in R studio.
So if you click on the New Document button
on the
upper left, you'll see that there are a
variety of options.
And you can click the R Markdown option to
to
create a new markdown file that'll have
your text and codes.
Here's your basic mark, R markdown
document.
So R markdown is basically markdown with R
code embedded in it.
You can see that what I have here is a
basic symbol that indicates that I'm
going to start a code chunk.
So when I have the three back ticks, then
the curly braces, and
an r, and then a close curly brace, that
indicates that I'm starting
a code chunk.
So as you can see I have three lines of R
code here.
Got set seed, that generates a random
normal var variables.
And then I just take the mean.
And then I close this code chunk with
three back ticks.
And so that and so that's, and so you can
see above this shaded area
with the code, I've got text, so it's, the
title is my first knitr document.
And then I said, just a line of text that
says, this is some text.
And I say, here's a code chunk, and then I
start the code chunk.
So in R studio you'll have this document
open.
And you'll have the the code chunk and the
text chunk there together.
And and the idea is that if you want to
process the knitr document, and create
some human-readable output.
So, you want to, the idea is that you
want to run the R
code, so that it, so you execute these
three lines of R code.
And then you want to put the output from
that R code.
In, in, embedded in your document.
And what's the output of this R code?
Well there's only one
thing that happens when you calculate the
mean.
So it's going to generate the mean, and
it'll be whatever
the mean happens to be for that simulated
data set.
So it's very easy in R Studio, you can
just push
the Knit HTML button, and it will
automatically run everything for you.
There's if you're not using our studio the
way you
can do this is you can load the knitr
package
with a library function you can make sure
your working
director is set to wherever the aardvark
down document is located
typically aardvark down documents will
have a capital RMD extension.
It's not necessary but it's just a good
way to identify these types of files.
You can use the knit2html function if you
want to create a webpage as your output.
And you will automatically process the r
markdown file and run
the r code and put the r code within the
file.
And then, within r, if you want to open
this
in your web browser, you can use the
browseURL function.
It will create a new file.
Sorry, the knit2html function will take
your r markdown document, create a html
file with the same name then, then you can
open in your web browser.
So here's the output that you would get,
this
is the HTML format output that you would
get.
You can see there's a title in bold, in
large text, there's some regular text.
The code is kind of in the shaded box, and
then the output from
that code is directly below, here you can
see here the mean is 0.1089.
So that's the output
that came from the mean function.
So in your MarkR, so that happens here is
that neither
takes your original RMarkdown document, we
can see on the left here.
And it processes it into a regular
Markdown document.
As you can see that the, one thing that
happens is that, it takes your code.
And then it, it reproduces the code in the
regular markdown document.
But you can see that the in the
markdown document there's one extra piece,
which is that
the result of the code which is down here
at the bottom.
And so the result of evaluating the r code
is
added to the markdown document after
evaluating the r code.
So so when you create, first couple of
things, first of all when you generate,
when you
create the new knitr document in RStudio,
it will
populate that document with some kind of
generic filler text.
So the first thing you probably want to do
just delete it, because
that's not going to be relevant to
whatever you want to do, most likely.
Code chunks begin, again, with the three
back ticks the curly braces with an r.
And you end a code chunk with three back
ticks.
All of your R code will go between these
markers.
Now you can have more than one code chunk.
You can have as many code chunks as you
want.
So you don't have put all of the R code in
within the code chunk.
But any R code that you do have goes in a
code chunk indicated by three back ticks.
You can have names for your code chunks so
you
can name them after so immediately after
the curly brace the
r you can put a name it can be anything
you
want and then you can close it with a
curly brace.
And then by default
the code in a code chunk will be echoed in
the output document so just like in the in
the HTML document you saw that it echoed
the code
and then it gave you the result of that
code.
By default, you will, all the code chunks
you'll be
able to see in the document, the code that
was produced.